And the next section are going to be building is going to be all here in this project section right.
And this one I'm going to do exclusively with A C is great.
Right.
So basically what we're going to do is we're going to have a blocks.
All right we're going to have 10 blocks then we're going to set these back rooms right.
And on some of them we're actually going to have them as background effects.
Right.
And I'm basically going to show you how we can do this using C Ss great.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to go back there and it's a shame now because that's
the first thing that we would need to do.
So here I'm going to create a comment and I'm going to say projects this is going to be project section
that I'm going to select the whole line copied and pasted then I'm going to say end of projects right.
So once we have this thing now I would want a section like this and I'm going to say first and this
is going to have a class of project here and then we're going to have a idea of projects.
So here when I say both ID and the class now once we have this now we want 10 articles so I'm going
to say we're here.
This is going to be a hard call right.
And the article is going to be with two classes project like this.
And also with the number so I'm going to say project here like this and let's say that this case I'm
just going to leave it the way it is.
All right.
Plus tab now have article on here I'm going to write one right now I'm going to select the whole thing
and let's say we're going to copy this one.
And like I said we need number done so here and this is going to be number two.
This is going to be number three number four number five six seven eight nine and over here last 110.
Right so we did one too many.
So we can just say on here that the lead is.
I mean like I said we're going to be using serious as grade and going to be using the math runs right.
So you can see how easy it actually is right in order to create something like this.
This is all you need for ADHD.
So save this and we're going to go back to Main this and we're going to start dialing.
So here I'm going to have a project right here.
So what are we going to do here and we're going to say like this.
Right.
So for the project like this we're going to have some setup right here and this is going to be projects
hash stack.
Right.
And what would be durable.
Well first of all what we're going to say like this.
Right.
So here we're going to say that the projects always are going to be hundred View Heights.
So this is going to be the first rule.
So I'm going to say men right.
And we're going to say hundred again.
So this is always going to be spanning all across the screen.
Right.
Or you can see so this is going to be our project.
Now after that we would want a display and we're going to say grade right and for sure what we're wanting
to do is create more space right now.
Right on this.
And when working with grid I'm going to say green grid template one template and you're going to say
columns like this I'm going to say repeat and we're going to say five and one for action.
So basically what I'm saying is I want five equal columns are here.
Right.
And this is how we can do it.
It's using a repeat function.
And this is for the columns.
But then we also went for the ropes so to say grade template and we're going to say Rose and that's
going to be a repeat and this is going to be different because it's going to be four and then it's going
to be one for action here.
Right.
So four of them.
So we're getting the roles that the cops are in.
So if you count or here right and one column or here this is going to be the second cone this is going
to be the third.
This is going to be the fourth and this is going to be our fight.
Now just because these items are spanning all right this is what we're going to be creating would see
as great.
But the column number is actually five because it's one two three four five.
Now the same goes for those see first row second row third row fourth row right.
This is where I'm getting these numbers from.
Right.
And obviously it's something that you need to set it up how you would one right.
I already know how I wanted.
So that's why I said them like this right.
If you would want a different lay out you would have to lay them out differently.
Right.
I know here what I'm going to say grade template and I'm going to say areas right.
And the way we work with grid template areas we're going to have a quotation marks here basically right
on where each item should go.
So I'm going to say Item one here and one more here.
Item two more here.
Item three over here really like this where I'm getting this from.
All right.
So let's go back.
You can see I'm saying item one.
First column item one still second column item 3 over here.
I'm sorry.
Add them to third column and Item three fourth and fifth column.
All right.
So you can see over here right 1 1 2 and 3.
And what I'm going to do when we're here I'm going to select this line and we're just going to copy
and paste this.
Right.
And since we have four rows right we should have four rows over here right.
No.
Here we're going to start changing the values.
Right.
And the way we change the values is here.
This is going to be item number four.
All right then we have a item 5 an item 5 right again.
Let's look at where I'm getting this from.
Right.
So second row first column still item 1 still item 1 0 here.
This was item number number for healing this.
And then we have item 5 right here.
Item 5 and this one is spanning or here like this.
All right.
So this is where we get this line from.
Now what we have next then after that we have eight items six here and six.
Item seven here.
Item 7 or here.
And then we have two fives again right.
So again let's just check it out where we get this from Item 6.
And this is going to span or here to next throw.
But we don't care about this rule.
We care about 3 6 7 7 and this one still has the 5 right.
So this is spanning or here from this guy.
Right.
And then the last row is going to be Item 6 item 8 0 here.
And then we have nine nine 10 right.
So this is going to be 9 9 and 10.
Now what about the actual lineups.
So because you can see or hear I just said the grid template there.
So right now the reason when we had had these classes on this project one project to project three right
is because we're going to be targeting them.
All right so I'm going to say project or here and I'm going to say project one like this.
And when I'm going to say all here is this is going to be grid area right.
And I would want this to be very.
Right.
This one over here for these two.
This is what I would care about.
So I'm going to say or here I am one and what I would want or here is I'm going to have a background
here and I'm going to say you are wrong on all images.
Now honestly I have a ton of projects right so you can see that I have 10 images so I'm going to say
number one more here we're going to say Center here.
Cover cover here fixed here and no repeat no repeat or here now we can say this one over here and you
can see that this is going to be fixed.
This is going to be the fixed one right.
Because you can see ASMS crawling them and just stay in the rest of them are not going to be fixed.
Right.
So there's going to be three of them.
So this is why we have this fixed or now what we want to do is actually just copy and paste this again
10 times.
Well another nine.
All right so to get a total of 10 and we're just going to have to change these values.
That's all we will have to do.
So here maybe we can do just so we don't need this.
He does everything right.
So we're going to delete these guys on here so we can just add these values on this and let's copy this
10 times right.
So one two three four five six seven eight nine.
All right.
So we have 10 of them and over here let's select this and let's actually make a little bit more clear.
So we're going to say we're here to beautify right now.
You can see that looks better.
Right.
So we have a project one item one on one here.
This is going to be the projects and then for the grade project to add them to an order here.
Item 2.
Now the problem is I didn't need this fix though right.
So I can get rid of this fixed then or here this is going to be number three or here and number three
or here and number three are here.
All right.
Now again do we need this fix.
No we don't need this fixed.
So we're going to get rid of this guy and the next one that we need fixed is actually going to be number
five on it.
So for this go we can also get rid of it.
All right.
So can get rid of fixed.
This is going to be number four.
This is going to be number four and you can see that pretty much is because they are easily numbered
them like this right.
So Project 4 is going to have project for you could get a different background right.
It doesn't really matter how you would work and just remember that for whatever item you want to place
an hour here right.
It makes sense if you actually numbered them the same way.
Right.
So item 5 and 5 and item 5 again let's delete fixed or you know what.
No this one actually states sorry.
And then over here let's check the last one that's actually going to have fixed which is going to be
8.
So this five six seven eight and the rest of them we're going to do it right.
So this is going to be deleting fixed right.
I can see that I made a mistake I should have probably copied without a fix and this would actually
make more sense.
Right.
And here it's just these values.
So again six or six and six this is going to be 7 7 7 or 8 8 8.
Then will have a 9 9 0 9.
And this is going to be 10 10 10.
I don't last one time.
Right.
What we would want to do is we would want to add a little bit of Pasotti as we're hovering.
So I'm going to say we're here project or here and I'm going to say transition and transition is going
to be Pasotti.
We're going to say two seconds is all here like this.
And as we were hovering the capacity is going to change so I'm going to say project here.
However.
And this is going to be opacity 0.5 0.5 or whatever and cursor pointer or hair like this.
All right let's say this.
Here like this.
Now let's go back over here and check it out.
We have.
All right.
Well we're going to refresh.
We're actually we were rushing that's already made.
Let's go back over here and let's refresh our here.
All right.
And now I can see that there is some kind of mistake because it's not working right.
So let's go ahead and let's find out what it is.
Right.
So if we have all read projects right let's make sure that index actually was working right and we had
a project on here this was a project 1 and let's go back to main success and you can see my mistake
right.
I didn't have project or here right.
So I copied and paste them all right I actually wrote a different wrong name.
Right so I need to get rid of the.
All right.
So again I'm sorry for this right.
I just messed up over here and nine and 10 right and now we have the project.
So let's refresh now.
This should be working right.
And sure enough now you can see that we have a grid right.
You can see that these ones are going to be actually we're transparent right.
Not only starting at transparencies that are going to be fixed.
All right I can see how they image things.
And these won't be right.
Now let me show you also one more thing right.
Remember how we had this background or here right.
This dark background right.
So now let me show you why we had a z index.
So let me scroll back up and find where is the nav number the z index.
Right.
And maybe let's add this Nav. a little bit darker background.
So it's something like 9 you 8.
So we can see it better.
Let's say this and let's come on top.
This is the index.
Let's do this and see what happens with this clip effect.
All right.
So what happens is you see we're here I have my nav All right it does have this back black background.
I'm scrolling scrolling and look what happens to them as I get to the clip or here right.
You can see it disappears.
Right.
If I don't have the zone you can see right.
This clip actually goes on top.
All right.
This is why would we would need or here is the Zendiks.
That's the reason why we're using this.
And obviously if all the numbers are zero you need a bigger number than zero.
All right.
So in this case I just set it down.
But if you had clip path let's say this about image's you would add a bigger z index right.
This would do the same thing.
Now I refresh.
You can see right now.
All right now what's happening is obviously I didn't say it when I saved it.
Now I can see that actual Now bar is spanning over to right as you as you're hovering right.
It's not disappearing anymore.
So that's the reason for the Zendiks.
Now we ready to work on the next section.